Create Libby backup

You will write a script that runs through the following website. It accesses and downloads the proper files and renames them as specified. I will provide examples of the results.
1. Go to https://libbyapp.com/timeline/activities
2. Click "Actions" -> "Export Timeline" -> "Data". This will open a JSON file. Download this "timeline" file. I included an example `libbytimeline-activities.json` file for your convenience.
3. For every item (`book`) in the timeline (you can import the timeline json file that you downloaded), you will add the the following link, the `Reading Journey` of this `book`, to the `libbytimeline-activities.json` file, where `id = book["title"]["titleId"]`, `book["library"]["url"] + "/similar-" + id + "/page-1/" + id + "/journey/" + id`. Here is an example Reading Journey URL: `https://libbyapp.com/library/sfpl/similar-3390606/page-1/3390606/journey/3390606`.  Add it to the root of the item, as `book["reading_journey_url"]`
	1. also, create the following file in parallel: `complete_books_information.json`. use the `id`s of all the books from `libbytimeline-activities.json` to send a request to `https://thunder.api.overdrive.com/v2/media/bulk?titleIds=[insert,ids,here]&x-client-id=dewey`. for example, if `libbytimeline-activities.json` contains just two books, with `book["title"]["titleId"]`s being 3390606 and 978093, then you will format the request to `https://thunder.api.overdrive.com/v2/media/bulk?titleIds=3390606,978093&x-client-id=dewey`. if the file `complete_books_information.json` already exists, just integrate the response to the request into the existing file.
	   // this is not important, but just an interesting note that I found about how Libby/Overdrive makes book information publicly available, as long as you're using their title IDs
	   // I don't know why you're adding the `x-client-id=dewey` key-value pair to the request, as it is not required for the response, but do it just in case, as this is how requests are generally made to this endpoint.
4. for each `book` in `libbytimeline-activities.json`, at the `Reading Journey` url, you will export the reading data. one way this can be done is by clicking the button `Actions` -> `Export Reading Data` -> `Data`. I included an authorization header that can be used if you think this should be done using an authorization header. See the following two files to get this header: `tags.headers` and `book_taggings.headers`. Otherwise, I've included a `Libby Resilient.html` file taken from `https://libbyapp.com/library/sfpl/similar-3390606/page-1/3390606/journey/3390606` that you can peruse to try to click what needs to be clicked, and included a `libbyjourney-3390606-resilient.json` file for your convenience.
	1. if you can find a way to bypass this, you can use that instead. the goal is to get to the journey's JSON export page (e.g. `https://share.libbyapp.com/data/af8be122-9136-4f8e-882a-8ac348cfc64c/libbyjourney-3390606-resilient.json`). you may be able to do this by finding the `book_user_connection_id`, a term I'm using to describe the specific instance that refers to where you can download the data for a specific person.
	2. it'll simply be a matter of opening `"https://share.libbyapp.com/data/" + book_user_connection_id + "/libbyjourney-" + id + "-" + title_lower_case.json`, if you can somehow extract this `book_user_connection_id` hash (e.g. `af8be122-9136-4f8e-882a-8ac348cfc64c`). then we would use the `id` we extracted above from `book["title"]["titleId"]` from `libbytimeline-activities.json`, and generate or find the `lower_case_title`. `lower_case_title` should be generated quite easily. here are some book-to-lower_case_title conversions:
	   ```
	   "Resilient": "resilient",
	   "The Psychology of Money": "the-psychology-of-money",
	   "\"What Do You Care What Other People Think?\"": "-what-do-you-care-what-other-people-think-",
	   "The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable": "the-black-swan-the-impact-of-the-highly-improbable",
	   "Principles for Dealing with the Changing World Order: Why Nations Succeed or Fail": "principles-for-dealing-with-the-changing-world-order-why-nations-succeed-or-fail"
	   ```
	   It appears pretty straightforward: colons are discarded, quotation marks and spaces are replaced with -s, and capitalization doesn't matter